feat(store-indexer): format sql queries (#3687)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/happy-melons-own.md

---
"@latticexyz/store-indexer": patch
---

> The local SQLite indexer now automatically converts camelCase column names to kebab-case to support Dozer-style SQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local SQLite indexer now automatically converts camelCase column names to snake_case to comply with the API SQL.
```
